# A simple JSON-based key-value store with Django

Using Django, we are going to implement a simple key-value store used with JSON API.

We won't be using Django's ORM so the persistence layer is up to you (maybe JSON files?)

## Endpoints

We want to support key-values for different users. Users will be generated by a special endpoint:

### Creating users: `GET /storage/create-user`

This should return the following JSON:

```
{
  "identifier": "492bcb85-6ac6-41f3-b93e-a838d70b4935"
}
```

Every hit to that endpoint should return a new uuid.

User identification should be a simple uuid4. [Check the python library.](https://docs.python.org/3.6/library/uuid.html)

You can get it like that:

```python
import uuid
identifier = str(uuid.uuid4())

print(identifier)
```

### Storing data: `POST /storage/<user-identifier>`

Once we have our identifier, we want to put some keys-value pairs with the following JSON payload:

```json
{
  "key": "key name",
  "value": "value to store"
}
```


### Getting data: `GET /storage/<user-identifier>/<key>`

If we want to get something from our own storage, we should do the request above and get:


```json
{
  "value": "the value"
}
```

or a 404 status code with the following payload:

```json
{
  "error": "Key not found"
}
```

### Deleting data: `DELETE /storage/<user-identifier>/<key>`

Similar to getting data, we want to be able to delete keys, with a `DELETE` http request.

This should return either an `202 Accepted` or `404 Not Found`.

## Persistence

We want our key-value store to work even if we restart our server. This means - storing things in memory is not an option.

## Testing

Again, you can use the `test_client.py` that we have provided:

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
$ python test_client.py
```

## Hints

* You can use [`csrf_exempt` decorator](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.10/ref/csrf/#django.views.decorators.csrf.csrf_exempt)
* You can store your data in `<uuid>.json` format in some folder
